Q1. What is emmet?
Ans: Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into
     full pieces of code. By using Emmet, email designers type less, saving both keystrokes and time when building a campaign. 
    Also, relying on Emmet’s autocompletion means fewer typos and missing tags, leading to more robust emails.

Q2. Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans: When you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application. You are choosing when and 
     where to call the library. When you use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow. 
     It provides some places for you to plug in your code, but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.  

Q3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans: A content delivery network (CDN) is a geographically distributed group of servers that caches content close to end users.
     A CDN allows for the quick transferof assets needed for loading Internet content, including HTML pages, JavaScript files 
     stylesheets, images, and videos.   

Q4. Why react is called as react?
Ans: React is called "React" because of its core feature, which is its ability to "react" or respond 
     dynamically to changes in data.  

Q5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans: The crossorigin attribute specifies that the script element supports CORS. CORS stands for Cross Origin Resource Sharing. 
     CORS is a standard mechanism to retrieve files from a third party domain or server.

Q6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
Ans: The react package contains React.createElement(), React.Component, React.Children, and other helpers related to elements 
     and component classes. You can think of these as the isomorphic or universal helpers that you need to build components.
     The react-dom package contains ReactDOM.render(), and in react-dom/server we have server-side rendering support with
     ReactDOMServer.renderToString() and ReactDOMServer.renderToStaticMarkup().

 Q7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans: The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and
     often times hot reloading ability in those builds.The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode 
     which means this is the code running on your client's machine.The production build runs uglify and builds your source
      files into one or multiple minimized files. It also extracts CSS and images and of course any other sources you're loading 
      with Webpack.There's also no hot reloading included. Source Maps might be included as separate files depending 
      on your webpack devtool    
     